Added Indentation section to document the exact exapected behavior of… (#65)
editorconfig/specification: index.rst

     - Supported values
   * - ``indent_style``
     - Set to ``tab`` or ``space`` to use hard tabs or soft tabs respectively. The
       values are case insensitive. Note that this settings signifies the indentation
       style to be **preferred whenever possible**. The exact semantics with examples can be

>        found in the indentation_ section

Reviewer: How about changing the whole bullet point to:

```
Set to ``tab`` or ``space`` to use tabs or spaces for indentation, respectively. ``tab`` implies that an indentation is to be filled by as many hard tabs as possible, with the rest of the indentation filled by spaces. A non-normative explanation can be
found in the indentation_ section. The values are case insensitive.
```

Author: Sounds great, I'll just change the beginning of the seconds sentence to ``tab``.

Cores must accept keys and values with lengths up to and including 1024 and 4096 characters respectively.
Beyond that, each implementation may choose to define its own upper limits or no explicit upper limits at all.

.. indentation:

> Indentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indentation (Non-Normative)
```

> =================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
========================
```

The indentation related options (``indent_style``, ``indent_size`` and ``tab_width``) require a special documentation

> section to specify their behavior. Let's assume we have the following code snippet::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
section to specify their behavior. Consider the following code snippet::
```

    def execute():
        source = "indentation is important"
        for i in source.split(" "):
            print(i)

> The ``indent_size`` setting for this code snippet equals to 4, because ``indent_size`` actually means how much columns are required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``indent_size`` setting for this code snippet equals 4, because ``indent_size`` means how many columns are required
```

to indent the next line in relation to previous (if indentation, of course, is applicable for this line). Then the next question

> is *how* this indentation of 4 columns is actually achieved. It may be just 4 consequent spaces/soft tabs, or it equally might

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is *how* this indentation of 4 columns is achieved. It may be 4 consequent spaces/soft tabs,
```

> be just a single tab with width equal to 4, or two tabs with width equal to 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a single tab with width equal to 4, or two tabs with width equal to 2.
```

This is when ``indent_style`` comes into picture. It specifies what character should be used **whenever possible** in order to
achieve the indentation size specified in ``indent_size``. To fully understand what "whenever possible" actually means, lets
assume that the editorconfig rules are specified for the file above::

    root = true
    [example_file.py]
    indent_style = tab
    indent_size = 4
    tab_width = 3

> As we can notice, the ``indent_size`` of 4 is not achievable by placing 1 or 2 consequent tabs, because the ``tab_width``. Therefore,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``indent_size`` of 4 is not achievable by placing 1 or 2 consequent tabs, because the ``tab_width``. Therefore,
```

Author: Seems I've overlooked the ending of the sentence:

> As we can notice, the ``indent_size`` of 4 is not achievable by placing 1 or 2 consequent tabs, because the ``tab_width``

The ending of the sentence is not clear :) Applying your suggestion, the final result would look like this:

> The ``indent_size`` of 4 is not achievable by placing 1 or 2 consequent tabs, because the ``tab_width = 3``

in order to comply with this editorconfig configuration, the new lines (where indentation is applicable, of course) **must be precisely
indented with one tab, and one space**. That is because by placing one tab we're not achieving the ``indent_size`` required, but by

> placing the 2 consequent tabs we're overreaching. Therefore, although the preferable ``indent_style`` is tab, we still have to fallback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
placing the 2 consequent tabs we're overreaching. Therefore, although ``indent_style`` is ``tab``, we still have to fallback
```

to one space character to fulfill the requirement.

> Also as a consequence, when we have the following editorconfig rules defined::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For another example, if we have the following editorconfig rules defined::
```

    root = true
    [another_file.py]
    indent_style = tab
    indent_size = 8

>     tab_width = 4

Reviewer: I think it's better to replace this example with one that has `indent_size` < `tab_width`, but I can add the example myself later.

Author: Sounds reasonable. Now, we have these two sentences: 

<pre>
As a side note - it is *not* restricted (although, it does not make much sense) by spec to have ``indent_size`` less than the ``tab_width``.
In this case, regardless of ``indent_style``, only the spaces can be used to achieve the appropriate ``indent_size`` for obvious reasons.
</pre>

We can enrich the example above to look like this:

<pre>
As a side note - it is *not* restricted (although, it does not make much sense) by spec to have ``indent_size`` less than the ``tab_width``:

    [another_file.py]
    indent_style = tab
    indent_size = 4
    tab_width = 8

In this case, regardless of ``indent_style``, only the spaces can be used to achieve the appropriate ``indent_size`` for obvious reasons.
</pre>

@xuhdev What are your thoughts on this?

Author: @xuhdev  Okay, I see, I'll add an example, thx!

Author: Done, please, see commit: https://github.com/editorconfig/specification/pull/65/commits/4343eef1bc1c655f74017d90db7a561d92031edf

> One **MUST** expect that spaces will not be used at all for indentation, since all the indentation can be achieved via tabs only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One **MUST** expect that spaces will not be used at all for indentation, since all the indentation can be achieved via tabs only.
```

Cores must accept keys and values with lengths up to and including 1024 and 4096 characters respectively.
Beyond that, each implementation may choose to define its own upper limits or no explicit upper limits at all.

.. indentation:

Indentation (Non-Normative)
===========================
The indentation related options (``indent_style``, ``indent_size`` and ``tab_width``) require a special documentation

> section to specify their behavior. Consider the following code snippet::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
section to specify their behavior. Consider the following code snippet:

.. code-block:: python
```

    def execute():
        source = "indentation is important"
        for i in source.split(" "):
            print(i)

The ``indent_size`` setting for this code snippet equals 4, because ``indent_size`` means how many columns are required
to indent the next line in relation to previous (if indentation, of course, is applicable for this line). Then the next question
is *how* this indentation of 4 columns is achieved. It may be 4 consequent spaces/soft tabs,
a single tab with width equal to 4, or two tabs with width equal to 2.

This is when ``indent_style`` comes into picture. It specifies what character should be used **whenever possible** in order to
achieve the indentation size specified in ``indent_size``. To fully understand what "whenever possible" actually means, lets

> assume that the editorconfig rules are specified for the file above::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assume that the editorconfig rules are specified for the file above:

.. code-block:: ini
```

    root = true
    [example_file.py]
    indent_style = tab
    indent_size = 4
    tab_width = 3

The ``indent_size`` of 4 is not achievable by placing 1 or 2 consequent tabs, because ``tab_width = 3``. Therefore,

> in order to comply with this editorconfig configuration, the new lines (where indentation is applicable, of course) **must be precisely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order to comply with this EditorConfig configuration, the new lines (where indentation is applicable) **must be precisely
```

indented with one tab, and one space**. That is because by placing one tab we're not achieving the ``indent_size`` required, but by

> placing the 2 consequent tabs we're overreaching. Therefore, although ``indent_style`` is ``tab``, we still have to fallback
> to one space character to fulfill the requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
placing the 2 consequent tabs we're overreaching. Therefore, although ``indent_style`` is ``tab``, we still have to supplement
with one space character to fulfill the requirement.
```

> For another example, if we have the following editorconfig rules defined::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For another example, if we have the following EditorConfig rules defined:

.. code-block:: ini
```

    root = true
    [another_file.py]
    indent_style = tab
    indent_size = 8
    tab_width = 4

One **MUST** expect that spaces will not be used at all for indentation, since all the indentation can be achieved via tabs only.

> As a side note - it is possible to have ``indent_size`` less then the ``tab_width``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, it is possible to have ``indent_size`` less then the ``tab_width``.
```

    [another_file.py]
    indent_style = tab
    indent_size = 4
    tab_width = 8

> To understand the way it works, let's look at the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand the way it works, let's look at the following example:

.. code-block:: python
```

    def func():
        if True:
            return True

In this case, the line where the ``if`` statement condition is specified is indented with 4 spaces, because the ``indent_size = 4``

> and the tab cannot fit in. On the other hand, the line with ``return`` statement must be indented with the single tab, because the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the tab cannot fit in. On the other hand, the line with ``return`` statement must be indented with one tab, because the
```

> indentation level for this line is 8 columns, and tag can fit it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indentation level for this line is 8 columns, and a tab can fit in.
```
